fix: empty string input -> refresh conversation (#14)
noook/igdm-cli: README.md

`\l`: Go back to conversation list

> `\r`, `(Press Enter with empty string)`: Refresh the current view and fetch latest messages

Reviewer: As a user, I'd rather expect to read:
```suggestion
`\r`, `(or press <kbd>Enter</kbd> while input is empty)`: Refresh the current view and fetch latest messages
```

What do you think ?

Reviewer 2: 👍
